We're now going to go around to our different test files and make sure that they all set up that just
mock call so that we get that fake implementation as opposed to the real one.
All right, so I'm going to go to my new test file.
Here it is right here.
I'm going to find the Jesse MacLean a copy that, and then I'll go around to the other test root handler
files I have.
So I could go into indexed tests and then paste that at the top and then repeat that for the other two
as well.
That's definitely an option.
But maybe doing this copy paste everywhere is not super efficient.
So let me show you a slightly different approach.
Rather than listing out this mock inside of every single one of our test files, I'm going to go back
to the new test file and delete it from right there.
And instead I'm going to go and find my test directory inside there.
The setup file.
Inside of here right before the before all statement.
I'm going to add in that just mock and I'll make sure that I update the root because now it is just
up one folder to get to that net wrapper file.
So I'm going to set it to Dot dot Nats wrapper.
This makes sure that all the different tests inside of our entire project are always going to use the
mocked or the fake version of Nat's wrapper.
That is definitely something we want.
In this case.
We do not want any of our different files in the test environment to try to get the real next client,
because that thing is going to try to make contact the real NAT server.
Again, not what we want.
So I didn't try to save this.
Flipped back over to my terminal.
Now I should see all my tests passing.
It looks good.
You'll notice that we now also have a lot of console logs from all the successful event publishers as
well.
Now all this stuff definitely works, but, you know, there is something that is now missing from all
of our tests.
One thing that's super critical inside of our new test handler new handler excuse me.
And the update handler is to make sure that we not only save a ticket, but that we also publish a event
as well.
So I think that it would be really nice if we could somehow test and make sure that we are truly publishing
some event.
So let's figure out how to add in some tests and make sure that these events are actually being published
in the next video.